Let's get to KMS.
I will type KMS into the find services
and we're getting into the key management service.
As we can see, we have three types of keys.
We have the customer managed keys, which you can create
but they will cost you some money
or you have the AWS manage keys
and they're created for the services of AWS
and the custom key store
which is going to use a CloudHSM cluster
that you need to create, own and manage.
So using CloudHSM is expensive.
So I'm not going to do this
because this is not part of the feature,
but as you can see we can get the option
of using a custom key store.
Now using the managed keys of AWS is interesting
I wanna show you how it works.
So for example, let's use the AWS/EBS key.
So let's go into the EC2 console
and we'll try to use that key.
So in this example, I'm going to create a volume.
So let me go on the volumes on the left hand side,
I'm going to create a volume.
It's going to be a one gigabyte volume
and I'm going to encrypt this volume.
Now I have an option either I choose a master key
that is a default master key of AWS for the service
which did response to the key right here, okay?
Or I could use my own key
but currently I don't have any keys.
So the only option I have
is to use this default AWS master key.
So this is good, I wanna use this key
and click on create volume.
And now we have created an encrypted volume.
So it is properly protected against for example,
attacks if they're trying to decrypt it.
Okay, so this is an example
where this is a voluntary opt-in for the encryption.
But if you remember, I said that for example,
for CloudTrail or for Glacier S3
encryption was enabled by default.
So if I go into CloudTrail and try to use a demo-trail
as we can see if we go into the encryption
even though it says disabled here
the encryption is actually enabled in the S3 buckets.
So let's see, and have a look at the S3 bucket itself.
So in S3, then we go to CloudTrail,
go to EUS1, find this file.
So I'll go down in my buckets.
And if you look at this file right here,
if you look at the property for the encryption
it says encryption AES256,
which means that this CloudTrail file,
even though it said disabled here for the encryption,
it actually was enabled in Amazon S3.
I won't go over the details of why,
but by default CloudTrail will encrypt all the files
no matter what.
Okay, so we've seen the services we need to opt-in
for the encryption, then those that are enabled by default.
And then finally, I want to show you
about your customer managed keys.
So it is possible for you to create a key.
Now this will cost you some money.
So if you don't want to have a key just watch me do.
So it could be a symmetric key or an asymmetric key.
I will keep it simple and use symmetric.
And for the origin of the key
we can generate it from KMS or we can have it external
so we need to import our own key,
or as I said we can have the key generated
from a custom key store, which is CloudHSM.
And in which case, all the encryption and the decryption
will happen within CloudHSM.
So for this, I'm going to create my own key, my own KMS key
and then I can display an alias for that key.
So I'll call it demokey, and then I'll click on next.
Then you can define key administrators and key users
which I will skip.
So we'll just click on next and again, click on next, okay.
And I will review this key policy.
This looks good, I will finish it.
And remember, this will cost you $1
if you do this with this with me.
So now I have my demokey and this key is enabled.
Now I can do a key rotation.
So if I go to key rotation, I can tick this box
to make sure this key changes every year
which is for enhanced security.
And I can also leverage that key.
So back into EBS, if I go and create a volume now
and try to create another one gigabyte volume
this time if I encrypt this volume,
the master key can either be the default key managed by AWS
for the service or we can use my demokey
and use that for encrypting my EBS volume.
So click and create volume.
Here I am, I'm done.
And now I have two volumes in here.
They're both encrypted, but they're encrypted differently.
So they're both encrypted
but this time we are using our own key
and in this one, we're using the key managed by AWS.
Okay, so that's it for this lecture
just a short introduction.
Finally, if you just wanna clean up after yourself
just make sure to delete these volumes.
And if you have created a key,
again it will cost you $1 a month
but you can still do a disabling of the key
and then schedule this key deletion.
That's it for me, I will see you in the next lecture.